Update konflux-onboarding.md - add note about --migrate-level=bundle-… (#92)
konflux-ci/olm-operator-konflux-sample: docs/konflux-onboarding.md

First, download the latest opm cli binary from https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-registry/releases - without the latest the `convert-template` command won't be available!

Next, if you already have a graph defined in a previous index like `registry.redhat.io/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.17`, it is recommended to migrate this graph to a `basic` FBC template
```
$ opm migrate <source index> ./catalog-migrate
$ mkdir -p v4.17/catalog/gatekeeper-operator
$ opm alpha convert-template basic ./catalog-migrate/gatekeeper-operator/catalog.json > v4.17/catalog-template.json
```

The resulting `catalog-template.json` is a simplified version of a FBC which should be easier to maintain.

> In order to render the actual catalog from the template, you can use `opm` as well. Starting with 4.17 you need the `--migrate-level=bundle-object-to-csv-metadata` flag. For rendering to older versions of OCP, simply omit the flag.

Author: ```suggestion
In order to render the actual catalog from the template, you should use `opm` as well. 

NOTE: Starting with OCP 4.17 you need the `--migrate-level=bundle-object-to-csv-metadata` flag. For rendering to older versions of OCP, simply omit the flag.
```
